Dr. Machkova
who is driving there
so beautiful look ka is white
SUV and he is obviously in a hurry somewhere I
I think in a hurry to get home which
is a narrow forest and does not want to be
in him but no matter how hard he tried the day
ended dark night came
he had nothing left to do
headlights and continue your journey through this
coal family
but what is the pair went out and no longer
turns on
go without it you can not see anything and
you can fall into the ravine will have to wait
night in the forest
here and very scary but brave
SUV stayed once in the morning and
the garage went to the doctor machine
fix a pair
arrived at where is the doctor machine
look what's that
ah yes here she is at the very top of something
important is doing hi doctor
mashkova she appeared so early
Away and said that now come down
be careful not fall the same thing happened with
SUV was interested in a typewriter and
decided to examine the guest so come on
have a look mean you're complaining that
you do not work the light and check the hour
key turn signals and they are great
are working
so there are no business now let's
check the brake lights
come on they are great too
working on now the lights keys
that means where the trouble is now have a look
more closely this headlight is very necessary and
car thing let 's sort it out and
let's see what's wrong with her so what
this is the one we have light bulbs they just
burned out
it happens let them replace the new
machine you just find a few
new matching light bulbs
she will happily share 1
hardly everything is ready now left
assemble the headlamp set back on
car
Well, let's check what we have
everything turned out just great
works as it should machine
go to
feathers are not terrible no on x and doctor
mashinkova you forgiven
shortly before new meetings